                             Muldis::D::Manual
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

by Darren Duncan <darren@DarrenDuncan.net>

PREFACE

This distribution features the pure documentation file named
Muldis::D::Manual (Muldis D language and implementations manual) and its
support structure.

Read below for how to get support or keep up to date.

DOCUMENTATION READING ORDER

If you want to read all the Muldis D Manual documentation that exists now
in this distribution, I recommend doing so in this order:

   1.       README
   2. (opt) Changes
   3.       lib/Muldis/D/Manual.pm
   4. (opt) lib/Muldis/D/Manual/TemporalExtras.pod
   5. (opt) TODO

Then you can carry on with anything else.

You may prefer the nicely HTML-formatted versions of the above, which are
available at "http://search.cpan.org/dist/Muldis-D-Manual/".

See also these directories in this distribution:

   1. archives/
   2. util/

Each of those directories has its own README file explaining their
contents, which includes things like presentation slides and language
modules for text editors.

KEEPING UP TO DATE

My module set is constantly under development.  The canonical copies are
all linked to through my personal website, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/",
on the page called "Perl Libraries I Made" (name subject to change).  Some
of these modules are also linked to through my business website,
"http://www.muldis.com/", on its front page.

For those of you that are interested in the bleeding edge of development, I
have all parts of the Muldis D Manual project in one or more public
repositories.  The Muldis D Manual project is in a Git repository whose
public clone url is "git://github.com/muldis/Muldis-D-Manual.git" and whose
web information url is at "http://github.com/muldis/Muldis-D-Manual".  It
is also in a Git repository whose public clone url is
"git://utsl.gen.nz/Muldis-D-Manual" and whose web information url is at
"http://utsl.gen.nz/gitweb/?p=Muldis-D-Manual".

You can download slightly older versions of all of my modules from the
public CPAN archives at "http://www.cpan.org/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or
on my own web server at "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl/".

CPAN also extracts the POD from modules and maintains that documentation in
an organized and searchable fashion.  Their main search site is at
"http://search.cpan.org", and my own DUNCAND author page is at
"http://search.cpan.org/search?author=DUNCAND".

The main CPAN search site url for Muldis D Manual is
"http://search.cpan.org/dist/Muldis-D-Manual/"; that is the url you should
link to presently if you want something to consider the "home page" of
Muldis D Manual; it is best to refer people there by default.

You can download my oldest tarred and gzipped distributions from BACKPAN,
at "http://history.perl.org/backpan/authors/id/D/DU/DUNCAND/", or from my
web server, at "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net/d/perl/archives/", right back
to the libdwg 1.0, first released on 2000 July 23.

SUPPORT

Several public email-based forums exist whose main topic is all
implementations of the Muldis D language, especially the Muldis Rosetta
reference implementation, but also the Set::Relation module.  They exist so
that Muldis D / Muldis Rosetta users can help each other, or that help
coming from Muldis D / Muldis Rosetta developers can be said once to many
people, rather than to each individually.  All of these you can reach via
"http://mm.DarrenDuncan.net/mailman/listinfo".

Alternately, you can purchase more advanced commercial support for various
Muldis D implementations, particularly Muldis Rosetta, from its author by
way of Muldis Data Systems; see "http://www.muldis.com/" for details.

FIN

Share and Enjoy!
